# Sales Training // Get a Yes Every Time - LIVE Phone Call with Customer // Andy Elliott

## Metadata
- Duration: 00:48:50
- Author: Andy Elliott
- Views: 61,126

## Transcript

Call me. I'm a previous customer. Ready? Ready. I swear my life. We're gonna dial a customer in a minute, and I will shut them down the first call. Let's call a customer. Honest. Oh I need this minutes. I won't waste your time. I'm a ticket to be savage. My ladies a little graphic like Hbo making magic. I'm wrapping to make that message. Money come in from traffic to win mental gymnastics. An outbound call, my man who says he has time block problems. Right? That he needs to make a hundred phone calls a day or sell one car. What does that mean? That means if he's working from nine to five, either hits a hundred dials or sells one car. Now, does he gotta sell someone a car off the phone? No. He could tell mc car off the lot, but he's gotta hit a hundred dials. Does that make sense? Okay. So remember this. I I said this to you guys earlier. I said everybody has a hundred and fifty hours a month that they're not doing anything with. So where are we gonna put that hundred and fifty hours, make outbound calls, which are I call cold calls. Now we can call two people. We can call leads that have came in who didn't buy or we could call people who buy here before. Right? You guys had a lot of people buy here before. Right? Okay. Call me. I'm a previous customer. Ready? Ready. Alright. Ring. Hello? Hey, Andy. This is Kevin from for. How are you doing today? Good. What's going on, buddy? I just wanted to check With you. I know you bought they got Jeep branch cherokee. About two months ago seeing how that's. Everybody listening to? What do you guys do for a living? So. No. You don't. You got you do build relationships. Yeah. You do sell cars, but you gotta speak for a living. Self mastery, get your mind right? Take care of all that. What comes after that? Speaking. Do you guys love where you work? Yes or no? Do you guys? Okay. Okay. Is your job to get people to say yes or no? Yes. Frame the language to get me to say yes. Your job is to be a master communicator. Make it easy to say yes to, hard to say no to and make it the client's idea every single time. Do you want me to show you? Yes. Okay. Ring ring, answer. Hey this Kevin. Hey, What's going on, Kevin It's Andy down here at Abc b Chevy where you bought your last car from. Listen, I was reviewing your account? I need about thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? He said, yes. Awesome. Hey, do you saw the twenty nineteen, Chevy shuttle to lady you bought from us back in twenty. You still got it? Oh, yeah. Just. Okay. Beautiful. Well, the reason why I reaching out because my general manager, Dane over here, he wanted me to ask you if you still had it. And if you did, he wanted me to ask you a second question. If he was willing to offer you more money, More money than what your car was worth, would you mind if I told you how much that I was? Can I tell you? Yeah. Did he say no to any of this? Can I make him say yes? Now I'll say, alright. Cool. Let me tell you how this works. Basically, my general manager, you know, we we've wrote over two hundred thousand dollars and checks for vehicles over the last thirty days over paying for people's cars. He's getting so crazy. We're about to put him in a straight jacket. All I need you to do is come down to the store. Gonna take about thirty seconds. I'm gonna give you a crazy offer, blow your mind and in the your decision. Does that sound fair? Oh, yeah. It's is easy. Is all day long. I'm just dialing. I'm getting people in. When I do that, what is he thinking on the way in? Man, I wonder if I sell it. What am I gonna buy? Hey, I wonder what they're gonna give me? Is he thinking about buying a car? Is he thinking about doing something? Yeah. Because if he said no, he wouldn't. He wouldn't come in, but I got him to say yes. This is Andy done an Abc b. Where you bought your last car from. I'm reviewing your account. I need thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? I hooked him. Do you guys hear me? Okay. If you guys wanna be graded at anything, you gotta hook people. You gotta get them interested in what you're talking about? When you call someone and they're doing something else, don't you gotta get them interested? You wanna learn how to be a great salesperson? Yes. Okay. What if I teach it to you and you won't learn it. Okay. Do you guys wanna learn this? Yes. If you... Listen to me. I just figured from now till the end of time till I leave. I've told you guys. Self mastery number one to change. And if you don't change nothing changes. Let me teach you guys how to make an outbound call. Is that cool? Yes. Love. If you guys will memorize this right now, and you'll get good at it. I promise you when I leave, you guys will all set ten or twenty appointments every day. Is that cool? Okay. Have a seat. Let's let's train. Every class has been different. This one I'm gonna train. Alright. Write this down. You ready? I needed a new piece of paper. Let's let's go to a new a new spot. Okay? So so... Yeah. Yeah. Let's let's make sure you have room to write. Okay? So customer answers, They say, hello, When you say, high. I am. So a lot of people ask me? Hey, Jacqueline. How do you manage being in business being a mom being a wife and also handling a team and everything in life? Well, now we have all the answers. I started a show that will be on my Youtube check. Now, it's going to be on Jacqueline Elliott is the Youtube channel, and I'm gonna be releasing beginning on January fifteenth, a podcast every week. So if you're curious about who is behind Andy Elliott in the Elliott group. Check it out. See you there. This is and write your name. What's your name? Ryan. Ryan? Okay. Hi. This is Ryan with... Okay. Everybody ready. We're gonna memorize it? You write it done? Okay. Cool. The next thing you say is I was reviewing your account. I was reviewing your account. What does your account? I got your name and phone number. We're good. It doesn't matter. Don't count. But that gets them interested. Like what account? Okay? I need thirty seconds of your time, so write this down. As you reviewing your account. I need thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Okay? Everybody got that wrote? Okay? Everybody. This is called quick pop. So what's like this? I say something. I say something. I say something, and then I don't give him a chance to think, and I just pop them with something real quick. Does that make sense? And I say, can you get thirty seconds? Write that down, This is where you you you you wrap up the sentence with can I get thirty seconds? And it's like a question and it's like a question mark, like explanation point. Okay? So this... Hey, what... Hi. This is Ryan down here at Cd r and Arbor. I was reviewing your account need thirty seconds of your time, it's extremely important. Is tonality important? Yes. Yes. You gotta have tonality. So if it was a real life phone call right here, and I could call any customer and close them in front of you. I swear my life. We're gonna dial a customer in a minute, and I'll shut them down on the first call. I don't care who they are. What's going on in Sandy down here at Abc b Motors where you bought your last car from. Listen. I was reviewing your account. I need about thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? There we say, yeah. That's all you need. There's the first yes. Does that make sense? Okay. And I want you to write this down. Awesome. I got two quick questions Just say awesome. I got two quick questions, and then you say question number one. You're gonna label the question. Do you still have the x y and z car that you purchase from us? Very simple. Do you still have it? Ninety nine percent of the time they're gonna say yes. If they say no, say, oh no. Well, what what what are you got now? And then they're like, well, I got a two thousand eighteen dodge ram. Oh, tell me about it. Okay. Cool. Why. How long have you had it? Okay. Awesome. So that's the vehicle you have now. Awesome. So my second question, and you just move right in? Because you're gonna ask a question on that car and instead that car. Does that make sense? So question number one. Do you still have the x y and z car and they're are most likely gonna say yes, if not, just deviate and say, what do you got? Okay? Once they say yes, question number two. My general manager wanted me to personally reach out and ask you if you still to have that vehicle? And if you did wanted me to ask you. And by way I could say question number two. I could say he wanted me to ask you the second question. Does that make sense? It's like, I wouldn't ask... That's why you're asking the second question. Right? It's kinda formatted like this. What's going on? This is Andy down here at Abc Motors. Where we bought your last car from Us reviewing your account in thirty seconds of your time is extremely important. Can Get thirty seconds? Sure. Okay. Awesome. Question number one. It's got two quick questions. Question number one Do you still have X y and z car you bought from us previously. Yes, I do. Beautiful. Well since you have the vehicle, the second question, my general manager personally wanted me to ask you. You gotta say general manager personally wanted me to ask you. That's the most important thing. Okay? Is that if he was willing to offer you. Since you have it, if he was willing to offer you, my general manager, if he was willing to offer you. Remember the if is so important if he was willing to offer you, I want you to write this very carefully word for word we're I'm about to say next. If he was willing to offer you more money. In listen, I want you to do me a favor. Put a dot dot dot, which means there's a pause. And then I want you to say, more money You say it twice. It it it steals it in their brain. He wants know if we willing to offer you more money, more money than what your car was worth Would you mind if we told you how much that was. My General Manager when personally reach out and ask you if you was want to offer you more money. Dot dot dot pause, more money. It's like we're popping them in the mouth with it. And what your car was worth would you mind if I told you how much that was, Would you mind if I told you how much that was. K? And then and then put dot dot dot and say, can I tell you? And they're always like, Now. You can tell me. See you... You're you're you're bringing them along. This is this is called make it easy to say yes too hard to say no to and make it the client's idea. By the way, remember this. I sold seventy to eighty cars a month when I sell cars. So if anybody wants to know how to sell more cars. I'm telling you. If anybody's like, oh, I don't I don't wanna listen. So it's like, I don't know what to do. Keep selling a cars. But I'm telling you how to sell fifty cars a month. I'm telling you right now. And you can all do it. I I am a trained assassin. I got trained by somebody. I memorized everything my mentor told me. I knew my stuff, my mentor stuff better than he knew it. That's how serious I was about making money and changing my life. And you're gonna have to be the same way. So here's the play we're gonna run. If you guys get a customer on the lot. Okay? On the lot or the phone, I know naturally, you're going to try to sell it. I know that. Right? The money you're making now is is this. Am I right everybody? Now there's a new category of money. And this is called cold call. Okay? Now I'm gonna show you what to say when they're on the phone to get them in, and I'm gonna show you what to say also to get them in, and also what to say when they get here to get them to buy something. Is that cool? And we're gonna finish this day with you guys knowing what to do to pick up this money. Now, everybody's like time management. Do you see people on the phone dial on the phones all day long? No. We are now. You can call anybody you want and say this. You can call anyone. And you could just ask him. Hey, It's andy down here Abc motors. You're inquired about a vehicle in the past. Hey, my general Manager wanna be your reach out for thirty seconds and ask what vehicle you're currently driving. Driving this car. Okay. Awesome. Let me ask you a question. My general managers want offer you more money, more money than what that car was worth? Would you mind... Would you mind if he told you how much that was? Could we tell you? Yeah. Dude, you call anybody. You didn't have to be previous customers. It could be someone who inquired on a lead. It's the same language. I can walk out to the service drive. You guys got service customers. Sandy Elliott. What's your name? Mike? Mike nice to meet you. You got card service. Nice man. Well, awesome. I appreciate you doing, you know, doing business with us here. What can I get you to drink something hardcore or cold while you're waiting on your vehicle? I got something. Thank you. Tell me get you something, man If you come to my house? I gotta feed you? I'm gonna get you something something hot, something something cold. I'll get you an empty up. I gotta get you something, Mike. What do you want? I'll take one? Get see? I'm a get his to take something. You know why? Hey because he's about to sit out with me. Do you guys understand that? Or everybody get that? Reciprocity. If I give something to Mike, Mike's gotta give something back to me. I'm gonna make Mike take something, I will go get a empty styrofoam cup and go here. I wouldn't play. And I'm a gonna get you son. Okay? Everybody pay attention. If I walk out to service and I go meet Mike, then I'm gonna say, hey, Mike, what do you have? He's like, I got a twenty eighteen toward Crow at thirty thousand miles. Awesome. Did you buy it from us, you buy it somewhere else? How long have you had it? Well, listen, my general manager, right now, they're trying to buy as many economy vehicles as they can. Let me ask you a question why you got in the service drive. Hypothetically, if he was willing to offer you more money, more money than what your car was worth. While you're sitting service today. Would you mind if we told you how much that was? Could we tell you? No problem. It's like, okay. Hey, hypothetically, Mike. Let's say he offered you more money than what it was worth. What would you replace it with? Something newer, bigger, smaller, lower miles, better gas mileage? What would it be? I would want something the same? Hey. Like newer? Yes. Lower miles? K. Kind of like the same Toyota same style body or does it gotta be a toilet again? Maybe be the same car. Mike do you got a magic grab foot in your pocket buddy? Because it's your lucky day? I got something Mike come here, come out of service with me. Now Mike's walking out on the lot with me. Does that make sense? Does he anybody know what persuade means? What does it mean? Trying to get the is something that you do? To persuade is to influence someone. It's what leaders do. You know why you all have to be leaders in here because I know who the leader is and I know who the leader isn't. When you become the leader, I wanna follow the leader. Do you think customers wanna follow the leader? Damn right, they do. They pull up on the lot and they know who isn't the leader. They know who's the leader. You know how I knew that? Was that the guy runs the store? Was sitting in the corner? How did I know he was the guy that ran the store? He was talking. No. Because you can see it in his eyes. I could see it in his eyes when I walked in. I don't know who anybody is. I walked in. I go, hey, you run... You you run the store. Don't you? And he goes, yeah. And I said, okay. Makes sense. Because your eyes tell me you run the store. I know who runs the show. I wish when people would pull up here or when you would make a call, you guys sound like you ran the show. By the way, that's not arrogant. It's being an asshole cocky. It's confidence baby. Do people love confident people. People wanna do business with confident people and not arrogant people. Some people carry this freaking look on their face, like, I don't give a fuck. And I don't like that. Like it's all about me. It's not about you. I want people to love me. I want people to make me feel important. I want people to onboard me to their brand with love. I want that. So do your people. Kinda be confident. K? Now let's role play this cold call. May gotta a row down? Okay. Alright. Ready. Go. I'm gonna let you do. Because Media role played. Ready? Hello? Hi. This Kevin Getting jr man. I would review your accounts. No oz. Okay? Ring ring? Hi. This is Kevin from Oasis. Bourbon C j r Ann Arbor. I reviewing accounts. You have thirty seconds. I need thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. I want you to pause between each one. Hey. What's going on? It's it's it's Kevin down here of Ann Arbor. Look, I was reviewing your account. I need about thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? That's what I want you to satellite like. Does that make sense? Read it. He's not in front of him He's on the phone. It's okay. Read the paper. Alright. Go. Hi. This is Kevin. Of with Cd Band, Arbor. I was reviewing your account. I need thirty seconds of your time. Important. Can I get thirty seconds? Okay. Alright. You go. Hi This is Cody with mercedes reviewing I was reviewing your thirty seconds time extremely important seconds Dude, you're ready to call him, what are you? I did this on Tuesday exactly I. This, listen. The question is now will you guys make the calls? Will you? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're gonna call someone. What happens whenever they... And by the way, can? Can Get thirty seconds of time? Yes. Now go to the next part part, go. Sure... Yeah. You can get thirty seconds. We'll up. Awesome Two quick questions. Question one do still have the twenty twenty mercedes benz Gl. Sure, too, Buddy. Fantastic question. I too much general manager. We could personally reach out to see you had this vehicle. If you did. Sorry Go ahead. You're good. If he was willing to offer. And and if you did... I wrote it down. It's okay. But that's where I write it down right. Okay. Listen me. If general Manager when he personally reach out and ask you one question. And since you do have it, I'm give you an example. He wanted me to ask you, if you just still have... If you do have it, he wanted me to ask you one question. If he was willing to offer you more money. More money than what your car was worth? Would you mind if you told you how much that was? Can I tell you? Okay? Now do it again. And if you did, if he was willing off offer for more money, more money, your vehicle is worth would you mind if I told with that number. Okay. You need some tonality buddy, and you need a voice. Okay? Alright? So this time, say it like you wanna sell something. Say it like that this is your place. So you own this shit. Hey, listen to me. Say it like you wanna be a millionaire. K? Do you wanna be one? Now you don't. Yeah. Prove it. Come on. Prove it. Start from the very beginning. Now there's... Let's go. Guys. This right here is how you get good. Am I right? Yeah. Listen, it's just a piece of paper. We're just reading it. There's no... I'm not making you make anything up. I'm not making you guess, nobody has to come up with anything. Just right there. Okay? It's okay. I'm cool with this. You'll you'll memorize it. Soon. Okay? Alright. Go. This time talk to me like you wanna be a millionaire. Hey. This is Cody. Yeah. So it it goes like this. No. You're not. You're not nervous. Number one, don't ever tell yourself you're nervous because you're not. Okay? Do you guys hear me Listen to me Some of you, you say I'm shy. You're not shy. Someone else told you you're shy when you're young, that's why you act shy. You're not shy. A matter of fact, you don't wanna be shy. You you wanna stand out and be a leader and help a lot of people, you're not nervous. You've been waiting on this. If anything, replace nervous with excited. You're excited to do this. You're excited to earn more money. Yeah. Sure. It may feel weird. That means I'm excited to do it. Like, dude, I wanna get this shit, so I can go make some more money because I know the money I'm currently making. Yeah. I can close more deals when you self master yourself, you're gonna sell more. But do we gotta get on the phones. Am I right guys? The reason why we're not making any money so we get on the phone. If nobody gets on the phones when I leave, it shows that you're lazy. It shows that you don't care. Remember this. If you guys were in real estate, and let's say the number one real estate guy in the world who sold the most houses would teach you how they sold that much real estate. Would you do what they said? Yes You guys better do what I say. I'm not I'm not the king. Okay? I'm not I'm not saying on the top one... I was the top one percent in the auto industry. I'm don't I'm saying I was the best. I'm saying that how I got the results I got was because systematically, I knew what I was gonna say. So most people pick up the phone and they don't know what the outcome is gonna be, but I know what the outcome is gonna be. I can make you say what I want you to say, and I can make anybody do it. Now, I'm not saying you're not gonna get somebody sometimes. It's like, oh, yeah. I don't wanna know. I'll love my car. Thank you. I'm not a hurry. I'm with my kids in the car. Have a blessed day. Boom. Go to the next. It's totally cool. Okay? But most of them, they'll come in on this. Okay? Remember, your job is to inspire, motivate and persuade people to to to get interested in doing something of the vehicle. Okay. Are you got it this time. Let's go. Hey, guys. What's going on It's Andy. A lot of you leave comments tell me that you need help. Do me a favor and tell you the best way to get a hold of me. Shoot me a text message right now, nine one eight two one zero zero two five four. Nine one eight two one zero zero two five four. I'll help you with whatever you need. I got your back for life. Let's get back to the video. So it goes ring ring, and you're gonna answer the phone. Hey. This is Cody with Mercedes Benz Bay Arbor. Yep. I was reviewing your account. I need thirty seconds at your time. It's extremely important. Let me get thirty seconds. Bam Next. Awesome. I have two quick questions questions Question number one. Do you still have a twenty twenty mercedes benz? Yes. Awesome. Question number two. My general manager wanted me to personally reach out to see steve if you still had that vehicle. And if you did, if he was willing to offer more money more money than what your vehicle is worth, would you mind if told you how much that was? Can I tell you? That's that's it. That's perfect. Okay. Can everybody do that right there. So once they say all these yes is, here's what I want you to do. Everybody write this down. Ready? Say awesome. Let me tell you how this works. Because they're gonna be like, sure. And you're gonna say, awesome. Let me tell you how this works. Awesome. Let me tell you this works. Put my general manager has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars just like this. My general manager has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars this last week. Over paying, underlined over paying because you gotta really emphasize that word. My general manager has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. This last week, over paying for people's trade in and I need you to do me a favor. Put this next line. K? And put... He's getting so crazy. We're about to put him in a straight jacket. Trust me, it works, I do it every time. Never not works. My general manager paid hundreds of thousands of dollars over the last week, over paying for customers vehicles. He's getting so crazy. We're literally about to put him in a straight jacket. And you're like, he's getting so crazy. Everybody. Can you can you make it sound like you're laughing? Like, he's getting so crazy. We're literally about to put him in a stray jacket. It's nuts. Can you do that? Can you guys fake it a little bit? K. Look, let me tell you how this works? Really simple. Alright. What are we gonna say next? Go ahead. I say, let me tell how this works and what did I say? Awesome. Because I know this works, my general manager has spend hundreds of of dollars this last week c paying for the this last week for people's trade ins. He's getting so crazy We might have to put him on a straight january. Yeah. Now. Major sound much you're laughing. He's getting so crazy We might have to put... That's what I want. Okay? And say, so. So with that being said, what time can you make it in? Would right now be okay? Or would after work be best. All I need is about two minutes of your time. That's it. Awesome. So what would be worth? Or what would be best? Could you come in right now or would after work be best? All I need is about two minutes of your time. I'm about to arm you guys with what happens if they say no. So all I need is free you to come down for about two minutes. My general manager literally is over paying for everybody's trade ins. You spent hundreds of thousand dollars. Okay k? All I need is two minutes of your time when you can you make it in. Okay. Are you ready? What if they say, well, can't you just tell me on the phone? They'll try that sometimes. Oh, I, I don't wanna come in or they'll be like, oh, you know what? I I just don't have time for that right now. Okay? Can you guys do me a favor? Write this down? If they say no, I want you to say this, and you will turn them around. Are you ready? Write? This down. Just but if they say no. That way, you remember that this is only to be said if they say no. At any point in time somebody says no, I want you to say this. And I wanna see if we can turn them around. Okay? Just say they're like, oh, no. I... Can't you get me on the phone. I'm actually... No. Well, remember one, no. I can't. My general manager. By the way, hold on. This isn't the no. I'm gonna tell you what happens if they say no. But if somebody says, well, can't you just tell me on the phone? Just say, no. I can't Because my general manager has to go out and take a look at the vehicle for about two minutes, and then he's gonna make you a crazy offer. Have you ever won the lottery? Have you? You you just have. Okay? So all I need you to do is come in and I'm gonna take care of that. Alright? I mean, the fact that I'm calling you right now, you must have a magic rabbit foot in your pocket. Okay? It's your lucky day. When can you make it down? Right now or after work. Spin out of it. Yes Feel me? Okay. Let me tell you this. There's a close called press through close. If I'm trying to get through to someone on the phone, I'm trying to get them to come in and they're like, can't you just tell me on the phone or whatever, I want you to do me favor. I want you to say this When you come in, we're gonna blow your mind. Listen. Ask Have you ever won the lottery? Ask about. Listen, ma'am. All you gotta do is come in. It's only gotta take two minutes. Look, have you ever won the lottery? They'll be like, you're like, you just have, ma'am, all I need you to do is come down and, look, You gotta match grab foot in your pocket. They're like, what? You'll like to do because it's your lucky day. This is gonna be crazy. All I need is two minutes. Look, when I'm done, I'm gonna send the address to where we're located, which I know you know where we're at, I'm gonna send a picture of me. And so And and you'll have my name. And then that way when you get here, I'll meet you out front, and then we'll get this wrapped up for you. Is that okay? Push through. Do you hear me? Do not stu. Do not sound uncertain. Make sure that you sound confident. Okay? You gotta see how this works? Okay. Got guys. This is how you make a half a million a year. Now, what if they say no? This is what I want you to write down this what we're writing down. Okay? If they say no, say I totally understand. And then you say let me ask you your question because that's what ko do. Guy. You say, Totally understand. Let me ask you a question. Hypothetically. If your house was worth a hundred thousand dollars. And someone was gonna give you five hundred thousand. I mean, you give them two minutes of your time. Right? And they'll always say, Well, yeah. I mean, I've give him two minutes of my time. Great. That's all I need is two minutes. When can you come down? I'm gonna give you a crazy offer and blow you away and in the your decision. Everything is is always in the your decision. I can get a phone right now. Hey, let's call a customer. Somebody, let's get a previous customer. Somebody get into a Crm? What? You ready? Hold on. Hold on But I'm gonna ask you a question. Do you have that down? Hold on. Who who can do this in this room. Can do this. Who wants to be a hero in this room right now. Come on. You what... Can you do this? Come here. Alright. All I need is somebody who bought a vehicle back in twenty twenty one. Now he doesn't work at this door. She's pulling up the Crm. Oh, who works in this store? Yeah. That's a better question guys. Well, then you're gonna do it. Little lady? Hey. First of all. This is going? Yeah. Well Tommy, You know how to do this. Yeah. Okay. Alright? Tommy, you're gonna set the first appointment that we call. Okay Okay? I'm willing to bet a thousand cash. Tommy will set the first appointment. Now, Tommy, listen to me. Here's our deal. Number one, this is what we do. Okay? But number two. Everybody in this world is gonna say, yes, as long as you follow it. So I'm gonna role play with you before you get this. Okay Is that cool? Yeah. Okay. Hello? Hey. This is Tommy known it Yeah. Don't have to look at look here. Because I want you read? Yeah. No. But I just want... I'm not gonna look at you because this is a phone. Okay? Are you ready? Hello? Hi. This is Tommy Z miguel with suburban chrysler dot chief Ann Arbor. How are you today? I'm doing. What's going on? Good. I was just reviewing Account any thirty six seconds of your time it's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? Yeah. Sure what's going on. Awesome. Well, I've got two quick questions for you? Okay? One, do you still have the x y z car that you purchased for us? Sure do. Awesome. Awesome. Well, number two, my general manager wanted me to personally reach out and ask if you still have that vehicle. If you're willing offer you more money, more money than what your car was worth. Yes. Say more money and then say, more money. Okay. Like, I could look, bait the money. Okay. My job well good. Because my general manager want me to ask if he was willing to offer you more money, more money than what your car was worth. Would you mind if I told you how much I was? Can I tell you? Okay? Press on that money. Okay. K. I can fill it. Okay. Okay. Oh, yeah. Okay. That's cool. Tell me. I was skipping forward? Yeah. I like, okay. Cool. Tell me. Awesome. Well let me tell you how this works. My gm has spent thousands hundreds of thousands in the week over over paying for people's trades. He's getting so crazy that we're about to put him in a straight jacket. For what time can you make it in right now, we're we'd have to work be best. All, I need is two minutes of your time. Yeah. Do you fill me? Yeah. Do you got that? Yeah. You're ready. What if I say, What if I say, Oh, no. I I don't know. I don't know. Maybe next week. My Gm has to check out the vehicle for two. I don't. But maybe next week, maybe next week? You know, or I, no. And actually, I'm not interested. What are you gonna say now? I totally understand. Let me ask you a question. Hypothetically, if your house is worth a hundred k and someone was gonna give you five? Say a hundred grand. Connor grand. Would you... And someone was gonna pay you five hundred grand. Would you give them two minutes of your time? Sure. When can you come in today? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah When you can come in today? I need you to come in for two minutes. Can you come in right. I'd have to work it'd be best. You're gonna push through. Do you feel me? Mh. K? Listen, Did we just fill this hole? Show you guys how I'll do it? Who thinks that she can set appointment on the first time they come in. We need to tell you how to sell them when they get here. Yep. K? Because that's important. Right? Because now when they come in, you're gonna be invite. Oh, what do we do? Okay. Let me tell you what you do Ready? Customer comes in. Hey. What's going on Dane Andy Yell. Remember we spoke on the phone? Come on in. Let's take care of this. So let's go and have a seats. So number one. I'm gonna go outside I'm gonna get some information off your vehicle. Right? Now, tell me, now, obviously, when did you guys buy it? You know, how many of the vehicles do you have? Is this your car? This your wife's? Okay. Cool. Let me go and get your keys. I'm gonna be right back, I'm gonna get some information from my manager. Is that okay? Have them have a seat. Have them have seat. You're gonna go out to the car. You're gonna get some information off it. You're gonna do all that stuff. Then you're gonna go to the tower. Let and you're gonna take the keys and the trade car to the tower. Right? Does that make sense? Do you know what you're gonna do? You're gonna come back. And you're gonna have a seat with him. You know what you're gonna say? Alright. Listen. Dame my general manager. They listen. Day my general managers about to go check out your vehicle right now. I wanna ask you one question. What do closer always say? Let me ask you one question because that's how they set you up. That's how you know you're about to get closed. Let me ask you one question. Hypothetically. Let's say Dana my general manager offered you more money than what your car was worth. Right? And you're were like. You know what? Get your checkbook out because I'm selling it. Let's just say you said that. Right? What would you replace it with? Would it be something newer, bigger, smaller, load miles, better gas mileage more warranty what would it be and shut up? And whatever they say you by dude, must be your lucky day. I got some for you. Go to the lot. Forget the card. Doesn't matter. We're gonna give them the money. Now we need to know what they would trade in. Now they're committing to what they would upgrade. Does that make sense? Okay. So let's write that down, or do we have the list? We've got a number of name right here we brought up. Okay. Well, she went down there, and she came back with one. Hopefully to answer. I'm like, we got one person. Alright. Alright. Well, number one, I'm willing to bet a thousand dollar. She's gonna set this appointment. That's how much I know this works. Okay? You ready? Throw. By the way, this is nothing. This is easy. Hey, Make everybody proud. Tommy. Hi. Is this Joshua? Yes. Hey, Josh. This is Tommy With suburban chrysler dot cheaper ann Arbor. How are you today? Good. How are you? Good. I was just reviewing your account. I just see thirty seconds of your time. It's extremely important. Can I get thirty seconds? Sure. Perfect. I've got two quick questions for you. One, do you still have the twenty twenty one Jeep grand cherokee that you purchased from us? We do. Awesome. Awesome. My general manager wanted me to personally reach out and ask if you still have that vehicle. If he was willing to offer you more money, more money than what your card is worth. Would you mind if told you how much that was. Can I tell you? Yeah. That's fine. Okay. Awesome. Let me tell you all this works. My Gm has spent hundreds of thousands in the last week over paying for people's trade ins. He's getting so crazy. We're about to put him in a straight jacket. I So what time can you come in? I just need minutes to check it out and we'll you, honest coming. I don't know if like Take your house was working? Number over the phone be more more callback if there's like a, you know, around phone number you could give me, but I don't I don't know if come up there I came there last guys last year. And I don't know who that was price that was It was just a. Just say times have change. Don't know who that was, but listen, This is where you're gonna win the lottery I he just two minutes. Okay. I totally understand. I don't know who that was that Talked to you last year but times have changed. Let me ask you a quick question. Hypothetically if your house is worth a hundred k, and someone was gonna give you. Hundred k. Would you give them two minutes of your time? Yeah. I. Awesome Well, I just need you to come in so we can get that appraisal on two tomorrow, say two minutes two Is two. I won't waste your time. Sure. Okay. Well, all I need is two minutes. I'm not gonna waste your time. Would Okay. But all I need is two minutes of your time. I'm gonna blow your mind. I'm gonna make you an offer that you can't refuse. This is my name here. This is my name. Okay. And you can't you can't do over your not on phone. I can't do it over the phone. We need our general managers to check it out. It's So what time can you be here? I'm gonna blow you away. I'll be here till eight o'clock tonight. I and my daughter my till eight. Okay. Just tomorrow okay. But I naked baby's. You can bring your daughter in. And we have a play room for her. I can set her up a... Snacks. I'm a mom myself. So whatever you need. I can make it happen for you. Okay. I'm. Becky is a yet. Yep. This is my cell phone. I'm also here tomorrow from nine to six. So what day works best for you and time. Probably think what time Let's... Tomorrow, what time? Told you every time. Every time. I can do ten for tim. Okay. Does three fifteen work? Yeah. Okay. Yeah Perfect. I'm gonna text you the address. I know you know where we're at, but this is my cell phone number and my name. And text you my exact name, address everything, and I'll see you at three fifteen tomorrow. Alright. Have a good day. Alright. What I just said? Hey. I told you my liar? Am my liar? I told you didn't I? Listen. It's taken taken candy from a baby. It feels exciting to win. What did I say? Well no, but I said, run the play. Am I right? Run the play. So here's what we got. We got everybody count and all their money here. On the lot, but nobody's dialing on the phone, and all these people listen, He's like, well, I checked back last year, dude, you checked last year do Cars twenty grand over sticker. No wondered him didn't buy something last year. Dude to this guy bought a car in twenty twenty one, listen to me. In twenty twenty one, he probably got a good deal. They probably had rebates on it. Right now, that car is probably worth good money. He's not upside down on it. Your manager would love to take it in for a trade in. He's probably dying to get a twenty twenty one cherokee. The guy obviously now is gonna need... What step two, which is where we're gonna ask him. When he comes in. Alright. My, general know manager's gonna check it out. He's obviously gonna blow you away, but I have a question. Okay? Let's say that we made you a crazy offer and you're like, And and by the way, can you guys play with me? I say, it goes like this. So let's act like I'm with her. Okay? And I'm like, okay Cool. So alright. So here's the point right now. Obviously, if my drill manager comes in here the minute, he's gonna make your crazy offer, and you're gonna be like, you know what? Get your checkbook out because I'm selling it. I'm sure that's gonna happen. When you do, what are you gonna replace it with? Is gonna be something newer, bigger, smaller, lower miles, better gas mileage. What would it be? That next thing they say is the car we're going to sell them. Dude I swear. If you guys will listen to me. I'll make you more money than you know what to do with. That the market is dying to pay all of you, but you must be skilled and you must be... You must believe. And guys, you gotta understand what training is about. Training is exciting. Do when you train with people, and and I just wanna tell you guys Something, like, that have never succeeded or done anything. Like, I did. I wouldn't believe it either. If the guy was telling me how to sell stocks, and he never sold stocks before. Like, I wouldn't want or or he was a stock salesman. But if I was talking to a person that made hundreds of millions of dollars on the wall on Wall Street with stocks, I'm like, dude, teach me everything you know. And when they tell me the play, I'm just gonna run it. And by the way, my goal is is that when I speak to you guys, and I tell you, you gotta run the play You did a really good job on that call. Did you hear how the words matter. Right? And you you noticed he's like, can't you tell me on the phone and I was like, getting interface? I'm like, tell him no. Get his out here. Go go go. Right? Like, like you guys need to have me in your ear, thinking like, would Andy tripp right now. Like if this guy was telling me no, you... And by the way, I need you to know that when I sold, I didn't have an Andy around me saying, push through push through make to cell it done. I was like, dude. I don't eat if I don't get this deal. Come on, man, are you kidding me? I'm gonna blow you away, man? That you notice how she said? If your house worth the hundred grand, I give you five hundred grand, you wouldn't give me two minutes of your time. I'm framing people where they can't say no. Get they can't say no. They can't. They have to say yes. Now, I must teach you the second part. Is that cool? Alright. So somebody comes in. Write down when they come in when they come in and they're in the store. Okay? First thing you do is you shake their hand and take them to a table. Guy when you take them to a table, grab a grab an Ac card and grab the keys of their trade. By the way, everybody listen to me. When you know you got an appointment and he's coming in tomorrow three fifteen. Your goal is is that let your manager know. You know? Like, hey I got a guy coming in at three fifteen. Right? You know, I I hit him with. If I could offer you more money. It looks like he's got a good trade in. You know, we really need to try to trade for this when he gets here and try to figure out what to sell them. You know? Like, I want you I want you to know where this lead came from because I want you to help me sell it. He's gonna be like, hell, yeah. Dude, we don't have to wait for ups. We'll take all the ups, but plus will take these. Dude, he wants that trade. If you take that trade, you'll sell A car and you'll sell that trade in twenty minutes. So that's the goal. We're gonna create just this this this momentum effect. It's gonna be nuts. Now So when you go get the Ac card, and you go fill out all the information on the training. I'm gonna tell you what I would what I would recommend. Okay? Is get in the car and move it around to the side of the building. Do you hear me? What does that mean? Get it away from where it was, just my recommendation. I'm not asking you to praise it. I'm asking to move at thirty feet on the side of the building. We're not hiding it. We're just moving it like, oh, I just moved it over here where my manager app appraisal trade in. Does that make sense? It's... Yeah. Out of sight. It's like, dude. They're sitting here and he's like, oh, I see my trade. He's staring at at the whole time. Get it around and decide, move it. K? And and and then you go to your manager and say, hey, This is my three fifteen appointment remember I was telling you about that guy. Here's the keys. Here's the card. If you wouldn't mind checking it out, I'm gonna go have a talk with them now, and I'm gonna see what he would replace it with. Does that... Does that make sense? Yeah. We're good. Okay. You feel me? You good? You good? We haven't have seat pulled her around on the side. Now, what do we do? When we walk back up to them, everybody listening me real quick. We walk back up to them, we're gonna sit down. And I want you to say, I got a quick question to ask you. Okay? Everybody write this down. I got a quick question to ask you. No. No. Forget that. Scratch out. Sit back down and say, alright. Hypothetically. Start out with this. And I'm not saying you can't have small talk for a second, But this is how you go to the pitch. Does that make sense? The pitch is hypothetically. Write it down? You got it. Hypothetically. See if you don't write down what I'm telling you, then they're gonna get here and you're gonna feel like an idiot because you're not gonna say it right. Closer is... Say, hypothetically. Even if you don't not to spell it, you know you know what you're right. Okay? You know what it says hypothetically in your language. Okay? So hypothetically, let's say my general manager comes back. Write this down hypothetically. Let's say my general manager comes back and makes you a crazy offer, hypothetically. Let's say my general manager comes back, makes you a crazy offer and your like. You're gonna tell them your like, and I want you to put your like and then put dot dot dot, and you're like, get your checkbook out. Because I'm selling it, or Say, like, you and you tell me, idiot, get your checkbook out. Because I'm selling it. You gotta a role play this. And you're like or you say, get your checkbook out because he's telling us, like, damn, that's a lot of money, so get your checkbook out. Because I'm selling it. Like, he's decided to sell it. Like, damn am. I'm selling it. What would you drive home with? What would you replace it with? What would you drive home in? What would you replace it with? That's the question you ask? So hypothetically. Let's say my general manager made you a crazy offer and you're like, and I say, and I point him. I go and you're like, get your checkbook out. Because I'm selling it. What would you drive home in? You got that? What would you drive home? Everybody got that? Everybody got it. Okay. What would you drive home in? And now you multiple choice there us? You say, what would you drive home in? Something newer? And you gotta take your hands. You gotta say something newer, something bigger, something smaller, lower miles, better gas mileage, what would it be and shut your mouth. Whatever something newer, bigger, smaller, lower miles, better gas mileage. More warranty? What would it be? And you just look at it I'm like, what would it be? And they pick one? Because if you don't multiple choice them, I'm a tell you what what will happen. You'd be like, well, let's say my manager gives you all the money. What would you wanna buy? And they're like damn. I don't know. And you're like, well, what do you think it would be? Now we're all screwed up. We need him to make decisions. We gotta ask him questions, multiple choice. You know, let's say my general manager made you a crazy offer. You're like, you know what? Get your checkbook out because I'm selling it And you need to practice this. You guys need to role play this together. Okay? You got this? You know how to do this? Role play this? You got this down. You teach everybody else. This is easy. Okay? What would you drive home with? Something newer, bigger, smaller. Lower miles, better gas mileage, war warranty? What would it be? Just be quiet. And they'll say, probably something bigger. Bam. When you say bigger, do you me like a bigger truck, like a bigger Suv, like higher off the ground, Like, what do you think when you mean bigger? Yeah. Like, maybe higher off the ground. Cool. Like a small Suv, we'll hire off the around than what you got now? Okay. Cool. You know what? Got something for you. While my manager's checking out your car. I might have something for you, and that's when I say something funny. Like, you got a magic rabbit foot in your pocket? Do you because it's your lucky day. Have you ever won the lottery? You just have. That's how you make them laugh? You guys gotta bring humor into your game? Remember this, guys, people will do whatever you want. Do you see that guy coming in from now till tomorrow, that guy that's coming in? He's gonna think. What do they give me enough? What am I gonna buy? You think he's gonna look at the website tonight? You think he's look at the website? Yes. We just made that guy in the market now. Think about it. Guys. This is easy isn't. You see how easy it is? Okay. So number one, self mastery all of you guys in here, take care of your fitness. Take care of yourself. Work workout in the morning. Eat clean food. Make good decisions, plug into positive people. Don't be around anybody negative. Wake up. If you're shy, stop being shy. If you're an introvert, stop being an introvert. If you don't look like a professional, start dressing and I a professional. Change your ph. Change your body. Change your heart. Speak with your heart when you're talking to people. Okay? Don't be an order taker. Listen, nobody in here gonna get rich without using their heart. You're gonna have to care. Okay? A lot of people don't care. They're in the car business to make money, but but money doesn't recognize them because they don't care. It won't have nothing to do with them. You gotta care. You see my passion, the way that I've talk to you guys, this is how I live. This isn't a show. This is the way I roll. K? If you guys can take ten percent of what I'm telling you, you'll make a quarter of a million minimum, a half a million, seven fifty. And people say, well, we're in a small store. Shut up. Don't listen to that person. I sold seventy cars a month. Okay? On average in a store that was selling seventy cars a month when I showed up. Don't even listen to that shit Don't listen to how many people were in your area, don't listen to nothing. Don't listen to how many cars are on the lot, you could sell every one of them if you want. Nobody can decide what's up for you, except for you. That's the game. And I want you guys to take this and when we leave here and want you guys to change. I want you to know if you don't change nothing changes. K? And now each one of you had the same decision that I did. K? When somebody told me the truth, and I walked into a room, and I was in a meeting like this, and I learned this new information, dude, I was never the same again. I was like, dude. Y'all just messed up. Y'all gave me the secret. Like, I'm not taking this shit lightly. Okay? I've been waiting for this my whole life. Well, here you go. Okay? Now you gotta do the work. Also, to prove, I like people that prove because a lot of people run their mouth, but they don't know what they're talking about. I said we're gonna make one call. We're gonna set one appointment, and I'm gonna coach her through the call. Am I right? I wrote down word for word what to say, she said it it weren't. In my fraud am I telling you the truth. Truth So if I told you the truth there, you know that everything else that I told you was the truth. Okay? And and also understand this. Anybody that's willing to back it up and prove to you that they're right. Those are people I would stick around and listen to. Because a lot of people run their mouth, and then they won't make the call. Dude we'll we'll run that play every time it'll work every time. And by the way, listen, Let me explain something. If somebody does say, oh, yeah. I'm not interested. Thank you. Say have a blessed day Thank you so much. Keep them a valued customer move on to the next. You guys got me? Okay. Hey, guys. I just wanna tell you the true one percentage you made it till the end of the video. Do me a favor. Share it with the friend that wants to go to another level. Make sure you like the video comment below so I know who you're set your notifications, and then subscribe to the channel. We got daily sales training videos dropping. I'll see you soon.